More precise definition of the state message field 'positionInitialized' (#318)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

Object structure | Unit | Data type | Description
---|---|---|---
**agvPosition** { | | JSON object | Defines the position on a map in world coordinates. Each floor has its own map.

> positionInitialized | | boolean | True: position is initialized. `x`, `y` and `theta` can be trusted.<br>False: position is not initialized. `x`, `y` and `theta` cannot be trusted.<br>Changing to the state to False is only allowed if the vehicle cannot determine its position anymore and the vehicle is not driving (`driving`=False). When entering this state, the vehicle immediately clears the current order. The vehicle should additionally report this state via an error (`errorType` = "FATAL").<br>If `localizationScore` is provided the value should be set to zero.

Reviewer: Is there a reason for writing True and False? Because part 6.1.4 it is mentioning boolean encoded with "true" and "false".
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2b7bbdc2-f0ee-4a19-8fc1-3356af60acf9)

Reviewer 2: No, I did it by accident in the original issue/proposal already.
@collani-bosch please change.
Thanks!

> positionInitialized | | boolean | "true": position is initialized. `x`, `y` and `theta` can be trusted.<br>"false": position is not initialized. `x`, `y` and `theta` cannot be trusted.<br>Changing to the state to "false" is only allowed if the vehicle cannot determine its position anymore and the vehicle is not driving (`driving=false`). When entering this state, the vehicle immediately clears the current order. The vehicle should additionally report this state via an error (`errorType` = "FATAL").<br>If `localizationScore` is provided the value should be set to zero.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
localized | | boolean | "true": position is initialized. `x`, `y` and `theta` can be trusted.<br>"false": position is not initialized. `x`, `y` and `theta` cannot be trusted.<br>Changing to the state to "false" is only allowed if the vehicle cannot determine its position anymore. The vehicle shall not clear its order when the vehicle lost its localization. The vehicle shall report this state via an error (`errorType` = "localizationError", `errorLevel` = "FATAL").<br>If `localizationScore` is provided the value should be set to zero. While this is set to false, the vehicle shall not resume driving or continue its order.
```
